OBSDOCS-3318 [DOC] Documentation for Perses Dashboard (#111992)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/coo-perses-dashboards-edit-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * observability/cluster_observability_operator/ui_plugins/perses-dashboard.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="coo-perses-dashboards-edit-cli_{context}"]
= Edit a Perses Dashboard by using the CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> You can edit an existing Perses dashboard by using the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can edit an existing Perses dashboard by editing the CR directly.
```
